Welcome. If you're hoping to learn about Kalman filters,
you've come to the right place.
In this lesson, you'll start off by learning about the background of the Kalman filter,
what problem it solves,
how it came about,
and where you're likely to see it used.
You will understand the challenges of localization and recognize the need for a filter.
We'll then dive into how the common filter algorithm works,
first through a one dimensional example,
and then a multi-dimensional example.
You'll have a chance to implement both in C++.
You will then learn a specific variation of the Kalman filter called
the extended Kalman filter that extends its reach of applications even.